There are other low power radios that
serve our near field communications.
These are mostly popular because of PAN,
personal area networks,
body area networks.
You just want to communicate in and
around you body.
ZigBee is an specification like WiFi,
and it is a proprietary protocol.
Both of them work in
the 2.4 gigahertz band.
So you must have realized by now that
the 2.4 gigahertz, because of Bluetooth,
WiFi, ZigBee and some cellular bands,
it's very, very crowded.
RFID operates in the 13 megahertz band.
It can have both active and
passive RFID tags.
These are all relevent for
IoT applications,
in terms of sensing
a region around you and
communicating with a hub.